[clang-tidy] Add misc-bool-bitwise-operation check (#142324)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/checks/performance/bool-bitwise-operation.rst

.. title:: clang-tidy - performance-bool-bitwise-operation

performance-bool-bitwise-operation
==================================

Finds potentially inefficient use of bitwise operators such as ``&``,  ``|`` 

> and their compound analogues on boolean values where logical operators like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and their compound analogues on Boolean values where logical operators like 
```

``&&`` and ``||`` would be more appropriate.

Bitwise operations on Booleans can incur unnecessary performance overhead due 
to implicit integer conversions and missed short-circuit evaluation.

.. code-block:: c++

  bool invalid = false;
  invalid |= x > limit.x; // warning: use logical operator instead of bitwise one for bool
  invalid |= y > limit.y; // warning: use logical operator instead of bitwise one for bool
  invalid |= z > limit.z; // warning: use logical operator instead of bitwise one for bool
  if (invalid) {
    // error handling
  }

These 3 warnings suggest to assign result of logical ``||`` operation instead 
of using ``|=`` operator:

.. code-block:: c++

  bool invalid = false;
  invalid = invalid || x > limit.x;
  invalid = invalid || y > limit.x;
  invalid = invalid || z > limit.z;
  if (invalid) {
    // error handling
  }

Options
-------

.. option:: StrictMode

>     Disabling this option promotes more fixit hints even when they might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Disabling this option promotes more fix-it hints even when they might
```
